Fix minor issues with the docs/tutorial (#5522)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/README.md

yarn start
```

#### Making Changes

> Changes should be made in the `./docs` directory and not in the generated `versioned_docs` or `versioned_sidebars` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes should be made in the `./docs` directory and not in the generated `versioned_docs` or `versioned_sidebars` directories directly.
```

> #### Making Changes
> Changes should be made in the `./docs` directory and not in the generated `versioned_docs` or `versioned_sidebars` directories directly.
> 
> After the ```yarn start``` command ran successfully you should be able to see your changes in the local [Canary Version](http://localhost:3000/docs/canary/index)
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this! I definitely spent at least 10 minutes refreshing `localhost:3000 trying` to understand why the change wasn't showing up. 🤦 The suggestions below are mostly just stylistic:

```suggestion
#### Making Changes

Changes should be made in the `./docs` directory and not in the generated `./versioned_docs` or `./versioned_sidebars` directories directly.

After running `yarn start`, you should be able to see your changes in the local [Canary Version](http://localhost:3000/docs/canary/index).

```

Author: Me too :D That's why I added it hahaha :D
